Very warm
How do you think about it?
Fu allows
Actually, I'm not as good as you think.
I am selfish
I often put my own preferences and interests first
Such me
Can you accept it? I can.
I will not accommodate your mother because of you
If he doesn't respect me
I will fight back
reasonable
I promise.
I won't let you suffer any more
You just now
Saying so much about yourself is not good
I want to send me a good person card.
Right?
You said you would consider being with me
actually
You didn't even think about it, did you?
The reason why you have this meal with me
Rather than with that person
I want to send me away early
Right?
Really?
You are a liar
No.
I just feel the need to make it clear to you in advance
In case of time or wrong version
You regret it again
I won't regret it.
you
What did that mean?
What do you mean by worrying that I will regret it?
i
I won't do it.
I'm the moment to worry
I'm afraid you will suddenly regret it one day
Don't want me
Falling in love is definitely different from taking care of it.
I don't want to take care of it.
We can end it anytime.
After all, I don't owe you anything.
If you are in love
We need to be responsible for each other, right?
That's it.
We start over.
This time it's love.
No one is allowed to go back
OK